[FG5] Migrate wiki to docs (#491)
MinecraftForge/Documentation: docs/contributing.md

Contributing to This Documentation
==================================

You can make a contribution via a PR on [Github].

This documentation is meant to be explanatory. Please explain how to do things, and break it down into reasonable chunks.
We have a wiki elsewhere that can capture more comprehensive code examples.

Our audience is anyone who wants to understand how to use ForgeGradle.

Please don't try to turn this documentation into a tutorial on Java or Groovy Development - it is intended for people who understand how a class and other fundamental structures work.

> Contributions to ForgeGradle code should be written in [Groovy].

Reviewer: This somewhat implies that contributions to FG itself should be in Groovy which is not true in FG (5, at least).
```suggestion
ForgeGradle configuration code examples should be written in [Groovy].
```
